I'll give you an example of one that
just went live last week that I think is
going to turn out to be pretty powerful
for us. So for our Zapier
team and enterprise customers, these
folks are on
contracts that come up for renewal. And
when they come up for renewal,
they can be like a fair amount of work
to figure out, okay,
what's the state of this account?
Should the count be upsold? Is it going
to contract?
if it's going to contract, what's the
right place to contract, if we're going
to upsell, what are the use cases?
There's like a fair amount of work that
goes into that. And we have a lot of
accounts that are
5K, 10K. And so we want that to be like
a faster velocity move versus actually
deploying like a true sort of like
enterprise AE on this. And so what one
of our Revox team built out was a
renewals agent. And so what this
renewals agent does is
It goes and collects
a bunch of information about the
account. So it knows what is the usage
trends in the account over the last
year. What's trending up? What's
trending down? It understands what those
use cases are.
[Music]
Hey everybody at Saster. Finn is the
number one AI agent for resolving
complex queries like refunds,
transaction disputes, and technical
troubleshooting. All with speed and
reliability. See how Finn can deliver
the highest resolution rates and highest
quality customer experience at
finn.ai/saster.
That's f.ai/saster.
The biggest B2B and AI event of the year
is back. It's the Saster AI Summit in
the SFB area, aka the SAS annual. It'll
be back in May 2026. with 36% of
everyone coming CEOs. It's an incredible
AI first professional event. The very
very best S tier folks will be there
talking about sharing and learning how
to scale AI and B2B in this new world.
But here's the reality. The longer you
wait, the higher ticket prices go up.
They're really cheap in the beginning
and then, you know, just a few days
before they get kind of expensive. But
you've been warned. Early bird tickets
are available now and I want to see you
there. Once they're gone, you'll pay
hundreds more. So book your spot today
by going to podcast.sasteranual.com.
That's podcast.sasteranual.com
to get you exclusive discounts for SASAI
SF2026.
We will see you there. Hey everybody at
Sster. I'm Anil Larut, the chief AI
officer here, and together with my
co-host, Giam Kuban, we're launching a
new podcast series in SAS called
Swapping Notes, where in every episode,
we'll sit down with the top AI leaders
in SAS and B2B, and we'll swap notes on
what's actually working and what's not
moving the needle in AI. So whether
you're a founder trying to navigate your
AI strategy or go to market leader
implementing AI features and frameworks
yourselves, this is the show for you. So
without further ado, let's swap some
notes.
Hello Stor, welcome back to the Saster
AI podcast. Ameilia and Gome G are back
at it again here with Wade Foster. Many
of you already know him. He is the
co-founder and CEO of Zapiier and we're
so excited to have him. We've been using
Zapier for a long time at Zaster. A lot
of you probably use it now to connect
all of your tools. It recently had a $5
billion valuation I think on just a
little bit over a million total raised.
We'll talk about that a bit. But one
thing in particular we want to use as
like a launching point. I know you've
made some statements way recently in the
news of you want all your new hires to
be AI fluent. Obviously Zapier could
power a lot of what AI is doing behind
the scenes. You've also said you've got
customers running 50 million AI tasks in
20 days. Just to kick it off with our
audience, give us a little bit more into
the current state of AI. Zapier, we like
to call ourselves the most connected AI
orchestration platform. It started the
Zapier that people are probably knowing
familiar with was a simple integration
tool. It's like trigger action. You get
a lead from a form on your website, add
it to my CRM.
Phase two of Zapier was then embracing
full-on workflow automation. So instead
of single trigger, single action, you
got trigger multiple actions. And so you
could say, "Hey, a lead comes in on my
website, let's go hit an enrichment API
and then let's add it to our CM." So you
can start to chain those things along.
Now with AI, you're able to embed AI as
part of those workflows in to end. And
so you can say, "Hey, new lead comes
into my site.
Yeah, hit an enrichment API, but also go
do deep research on this customer. Go
collect this context from my CRM. Go
collect this context from Zindesk. Then
let's go hit a series of prompts. I want
a prompt that
proposes a follow-up email. I want a
prompt that generates a prep guide for
the sales rep. I want a prompt that does
a case study on a gone call. Right? So,
you can start to sequence these things
and actually have AI really make those
workflows a lot more powerful. Uh and
then finally we have Zapier agents which
is full-on automated
both in the creation of tools but then
agentic workflow. So it's not even a
workflow at all. It's an agent that
really just has the choice to figure out
how do you want to go do this. So you
can say hey agent reply to my emails.
Now you probably want to give it more
instructions than just that. But the
more instructions you give it the more
the agent gets smarter about how to
reply to email. Zap year's become this
full-on automation suite that uses AI to
power of any of the workflows that you
might have inside of an organization.
>> But that's awesome. Like when in your
mind does what's the threshold when a
workflow becomes an agent? Is there a
threshold or or is it like just like a
continuum like a spectrum? I so this is
I think this is like one of the most
misunderstood things at this point in
time in the market and the people that
really understand this concept are the
ones that are getting the most effective
use out of automation today. So
what is most misunderstood here? The
vibes. If you go read X, if you go read
LinkedIn, you would think that everybody
is deploying agents everywhere. It's
like here, look at this crazy agent I've
done that has solved all these magical
problems for me. Mostly that is hype.
Like it is going to get better. So what
are the folks that are actually
deploying like automation at scale
doing? They're finding ways to mix and
match deterministic workflows with
agentic workflows and do those together.
And so they know how to break down the
steps in a workflow bit by bit. And they
recognize here is a place where I want
it to do the same thing every single
time.
If you get a lead from your site, you
want that to get into your CRM
correctly. You don't want it to just
guess. Hey, do your best. try
see what you come up with. Especially
when a deterministic workflow is
perfectly good at doing that use case.
It is good. It's fast. It's cheap. And
so those are the places where you want
that to work 100% the right way.
However, there are certain use cases
that deterministic workflows simply
can't do. They're just good enough. So
this is to come back to that workflow I
described earlier where you take a lead
from your site, you hit an enrichment
API, but then you want to go generate a
sales brief. You can't do that with a
deterministic workflow. It's not
possible. So if you want to do something
actually good, you need agentic
workflows. And so the people that are
getting the most out of AI automation
today, they're know they know how to mix
and match determinism with agentic
workflows to really get a lot of power
out of these tools.
I truly love that. Let's take the
example of Zapur. Like at Zapure,
are you running some real agentic
workflows and if so like in what cases?
and how you doing in there.
>> I'll give you an example of one that
just went live last week that I think is
going to turn out to be pretty powerful
for us. So for our Zapier
team and enterprise customers, these
folks are on
contracts that come up for renewal and
when they come up for renewal,
they can be like a fair amount of work
to figure out, okay,
what's the state of this account?
Should the account be upsold? Is it
going to contract? If it's going to
contract, what's the right place to
contract? If we're going to upsell, what
are the use cases? There's like a fair
amount of work that goes into that. And
we have a lot of accounts that are
5K, 10K. And so we want that to be like
a faster velocity move versus actually
deploying like a true sort of like
enterprise AE on us. And so what one of
our RevOps team built out was a renewals
agent. And so what this renewals agent
does is it goes and collects
a bunch of information about the
account. So it knows what is the usage
trends in the account over the last
year, what's trending up, what's
trending down. It understands what those
use cases are by picking up on meta
trends about the account. It goes and
looks at gong transcripts associated
with sales calls with that account. It
goes and looks at Zindesk tickets to
understand what are the common issues
that it's having. And then we have a
fairly sophisticated prompt that we have
a bunch of examples where we've said,
"Hey, if it looks like this, we
recommend an upsell. If it looks like
this, we recommend a flat renewal. If we
it looks like this, we recommend a down
renewal." And so all of this stuff then
gets automatically inserted into
HubSpot. So the AEU or whoever is
handling the renewal doesn't have to do
data entry on that stuff. It just comes
in as a recommendation. It generates a
proposed F email out to that person and
it has a recommendation for them for
what actually needs to happen. This work
that goes into figuring out what do you
got to do with the renewal. The agent is
basically doing 90 plus% of it and then
leaves the last mile to the account rep
to go just make it happen at the end of
the day. So that's like a great example
of one that is much more agentic at the
end of the day.
Yeah. No, we call that a bit of like
prescriptive selling now in the age of
AI. We talk about it a bit on Saster of
there's no reason not to be like that in
2025. I think how you're doing it is a
great use case. And I think the way that
a lot of sales teams should structure or
start to think about structuring their
renewals, their prospecting calls, their
onboarding calls because nobody wants to
come to a call now and have the human on
the other side of the phone not know
these things, right? Like everything you
just surfaced of the AI will know the
calls. It will know it will make a
suggestion. and it will have a
hypothesis of how the AE who's the human
should prescribe this person the next
year of Zapier. That is super cool. I
think more sales teams should be doing
that. And I do feel like that will
quickly become the standard and the norm
because the buyers expectations have
just gotten so different now in the age
of AI. There's no excuse for a sales rep
or a CSM or a support rep to not have
context about your account to know what
you're doing. If they're showing up to a
call and just being like, "Okay, so yes,
tell me what we're doing."
>> Yeah, discovery is dead.
>> Not it.
I find interesting if you take a step
back here. The way you two folks on
describing that shift here is that you
actually have
an agentic workflow that contains
prompts which the output of that
workflow is if you think about it a
prompt for a human to read.
>> Mhm. because job of that CS or that
saleserson is to ingest that summarized
piece of information and use that to do
a better job on a call. But it's a
prompt. It's a prompt for the human
and ideally there's a feedback loop
where we do have the recording of that
and we can check whether the human like
followed the prompt and said the things
that the human was supposed to say and
then can correct course and so like we
do have this like you could have number
of circles like that right but I think
it's important to understand the role
the expectation the role of the human in
those CSN sales processes and we're
trying to like control the output and
the behaviors better of the humans which
is probably as difficult as LMS
>> and I think you're hitting at an
important point here which is I think a
reason a lot of folks are taking this
approach of inserting the human at the
last mile is
the more agentic these workflows the
more imperfect it is.
If you were to go read through those
customer briefs, I as a human will skim
through and I will notice things that
are incorrect. I'll be like, "Okay, it's
90% correct,
>> but you got this wrong. You got that
wrong, etc." And
I think it takes a lot of work to get
that last mile good enough where you
would say, "Hey, we're actually going to
feel confident actually having the AI
act as the sales rep or act as the CSM
in these equations. We're It's going to
get there. It's going to get there, but
there's a lot of risk today if you don't
do that last mile work."
>> Yeah. Yeah. I agree. I mean, I think I'
I'd like to have Amelia and most like
Saster Amelia's perspective on this
because I know like Saster has been
using a lot of like full agentic like
tools, right? But like through like my
advisory at hyperrowth what I've
observed is most of what's working right
now on the market is what I call those
like hybrid workflows for sure because
there is an element of checking and it's
QA there's a element of humanness which
is also important there's a bit of fine
tuning whether it's in the prompt or the
output so like we do I truly believe and
I actually talked about that at SAS
in my keynote. We need some human
variability
in this workflow whether at the
beginning or the end we need some
variation so it is unique and at least a
smidge more human and
it feels better.
>> Yeah. I I think it'd be interesting to
get your take on how the sales team
reacted to you guys rolling this out. I
think that's one piece of it because the
piece we can't control I think rolling
out the AI to the rest of the org is you
never know how that's going to trickle
down and the reaction or maybe aversion
to some of that. So I'd love to know how
your sales team reacted and then to tie
it back to what G is saying. Yes, I
think there is this such a necessity for
what you guys are both saying is true,
right? Like even what our AI does is
yeah, probably 90% right, but it's never
100% right. Like just today, our
outbound AI hallucinated some of the
speakers for Saster London like it's
doing outbound for London. I haven't yet
announced the speakers publicly. And so
what did the AI do? Somebody asked it
who was speaking and it made it up. It
like took people from last year's event,
it looked at Saster and I was like, I
think here's who's speaking this year.
And I was like, yeah, no. So, I think to
GM's point, like that final mile
typically is better served by a human.
And getting AI though to take you 90% of
the way there, I love and we're doing
that. But that final mile, yes, that's
where we've had to have the most like
human in the loop interactions cuz
sometimes one it's wrong or it
hallucinates. Two, I think there is just
so much nuance in selling a product like
a Zap year, in selling something like a
Saster, in selling things like a ramp
that Guom
advises on that sometimes the AI doesn't
really quite understand those
complexities in the same natural way
that a human being would. That brings us
back to what we were saying on the error
rate like are you what error rate are
you ready to accept and I think the
answer to that depends on your product
your business you don't have the choice
but to go wide and probably use like
more like full agentic solution if
you're like doing like enterprise
selling like no like you're going to
have somebody like checking every one of
those messages because the cost the
downside is just too high.
>> Yeah. And what was the vibe when you
rolled this out to the sales team? Were
they all, oh, I love this, or was it a
mixed matter?
>> Most
love this at Zapier. But you got to
understand where we're coming from. So,
we have couple factors that I think play
to our advantage. One, we have an
incredibly small sales team,
proportionate to the customer base. Our
sales folks touch
>> probably less than 1% of our total
customer base.
>> And it's not meaningfully infringing on
their job. It's just helping them like
touch more accounts that otherwise we
never could have touched. The second
thing is we've had this value at Zapier
since the very beginning. We've always
been an automation company and the value
is don't be a robot build a robot. And
so disproportionately inside of our
company, our culture, we probably have
people that are just like more biased to
liking this stuff. It doesn't mean that
everybody is 100% cutting edge. If you
compare the average person at Zapier in
a particular role to other companies,
we're probably just oriented more that
direction. Like our average accountant
probably nerds out just a little bit
more on automation than the average
accountant at another company. And that
applies at sales as well too.
>> Yeah, that I think that's true also of
your customer base. I think like you
have a uniquely large customer base from
early on.
Millions of people are using Zapia if
I'm corrupt
and it's I'm curious like could you tell
us a bit more about the did your
customer base did your did the Zapia
users transition let's say more
naturally to like agentic workflows
than what you know of the rest of the
market who were not on workflows at all
before were they are they just naturally
better at it now
>> perhaps unsurprisingly that is true
where folks that have building
deterministic workflows all along were
quick on the uptick to say what let's
add AI to this. We track what the
percentage penetration is of folks that
have deterministic workflows who are now
pulling AI into workflows and that
number is pretty high you know
as it's gone along and
I think interestingly
perhaps a correlary to that is
the new folks coming in though are also
adopting AI use cases at a very high
rate as well which Maybe that's not too
surprising
be given like the market and trends and
what people are interested in. I think
the difference between those two groups
of folks though is that the folks that
have been doing this stuff for a long
time, they still just have a level of
sophistication to it. Whereas the folks
that are new are still developing their
skill set. And so you start to see a lot
more basic prompts, simple use cases,
and then getting stuck. And I think that
reflective of what across the market
based on
like the vibe code building tools or
even how people use chatbt where it's
just a text box and if you put a text
box in the internet people are just
going to type stuff into it whether it's
the right things to type or not they
just will and so you're getting a lot of
people who are maybe don't know how to
break down the task into like
step-by-step instruction maybe don't
know how to prompt it quite the right
way that are using this stuff but I
still think the cool thing is with AI,
even if you aren't great at it yet, AI
is is good enough to start to translate
some of what you were trying to think
and get you started. And so gets those
folks started down that path of becoming
more sophisticated automators. And I
just love that like with AI, it just the
learning curve is more gradual and so
you can the on-ramps are easier than
they were in the past.
On the subject of vibe coding,
I think you know that Jason, our
founder, has been vi coding a lot
lately. Some of what he's vi is now
hooked up to our systems like Marquetto,
Salesforce, etc. via Zapier. How is this
like what do you make of all this? Are
you guys get are you seeing more
customers come in through apps like a
lovable and a replet? Because people are
vibe coding, but at some point they need
something like a Zapier to tie
everything together. What's your take on
this vibe coding evolution? I think it's
great. Like I think it's fantastic
because the learning curve
to getting into this stuff is just so
much less than it used to be.
>> Sure.
>> I can't tell you like how many times in
my life you meet the person who's, oh, I
have an idea for app. Do you know
someone who can build this for me?
Where can I find a co-founder or a
technical co-founder who can do this
idea? We used to make fun of that
person. nowadays that person can go use
a lovable or a replet or whatever and
get started. And so it's increasing the
market for all of the tools on the stack
because the entry point is just so much
simpler. And even if the first version
of that app is just it's good enough,
especially the person who's never built
anything before, they're like, "Oh my
god, I actually built something. I want
to keep figuring it out." And so all
these sort of like tools that make it
easier for people to bring their own
ideas to life, I think are benefiting
from this.
>> And switch to something very similar
like all those integrations. You've been
talking about MCPs like for a couple of
months now. How should people think
about this? Are MCPS the new APIs? Is
that how we should think about it?
Should we think about it differently?
Does it mean that you no longer need to
build integrations?
Tell us a bit more.
>> I It's a new protocol, right? It's a
protocol in the same way like HTTP is a
protocol. It's a protocol in the same
way REST is a protocol.
I think we're still learning
where to all the use cases are. MCP was
only built less than a year ago. We're
coming up on a year ago, but started
taking off on this spring of this year.
We really only six months under our
belts.
It's the traction is pretty good with a
protocol at this point in time. Where it
is really effective is in helping agents
talk to agents.
If you want to,
let's use Claude for example. So Claude
was one of the first MCP clients that
was out there supporting MCP. If you
wanted to interact with your tools, your
data, etc. inside of Claude until they
launched their MCP connectors couldn't
really do that. But now you can use
Claude to go have a discussion with
HubSpot, to go have a discussion with
your Google Drive, to go have a
discussion with your email. And a good
MCP server also gives you access to
tools where you can now actually have it
not only to talk with your data, but you
can also have it go take action on that
stuff. So you can have a discussion
about XYZ thing and then decide hey can
you go send an email to this person with
all this context etc. Can you go
generate these things and so it's pretty
effective. Now you asked another
question around is it going to replace
integrations? Do I still need an API?
I think the answer is we're going to end
up having both. I think APIs are
very are deterministic and cheap.
Works the same way every single time.
And so there's a whole set of use cases
that
you want it to work that way where MCP
is a lot more flexible. The agent is
getting to choose this stuff and you're
burning tokens every time you do that.
But it opens up a whole new world of use
cases that you can't really do with
APIs. So, in that regard, it feels like
it's a new protocol that opens up
entirely new use cases, and I suspect
we're going to see folks
find that both are still quite valuable.
Getting back into the use cases, I know
we started off the chat saying you've
had a record number of customers run AI
task through Zapier. Can you share a
little bit about what are those use
cases? Do you broadly know that people
are using and adopting AI at maybe at a
faster rate with a tool like a Zap year?
>> Yeah. So I would break these into a
handful of categories. So first I would
say is like content creation, content
generation type tasks. What one of my
favorite like good examples of this is
taking call recordings like a gong
transcript with customers and then
generating case studies based on that.
It's such a straightforward use case
where you can make case study generation
programmatic and this is the type of
content generation that AI is really
good at.
>> It's well structured.
It's easy design and it's a great place
to implement it. The second category
that I would call out is
I'm going to call this like customer
engagement.
This could be things like
responding to reviews on review sites
automatically. It could be
automatically generating
follow-up emails based on leads that
you're capturing on your website. It
could be
making like phone calls or text messages
to customers based on certain events
that are happening in your system. But
one way or another, it's like, hey, we
want to we need to do some sort of
correspondence with a customer based on
some event that has happened. And so I
think that's really common.
The third category I would call and this
is probably like a big catch-all bucket
of stuff which is I would call just like
back office
cross team like content automation. So
that's
a great example we have inside of Zapper
is like our our voice of customer
reports where you've got a bunch of data
coming from a bunch of disparate teams.
So you've got like the support team is
generating tickets. You've got the sales
team generating transcripts. You've got
the product team is running like NPS
reports and NPS surveys. So you got all
these like signals that are coming in.
And
somebody's job needs to sift through
that and go, hey, what themes are going
on inside of this stuff? And so we have
a whole automation system, agent system
that like takes all that stuff. It then
generates a bunch of themes based on
that and then generates reports based on
those themes. Then the second thing we
have built up is a chatbot around all
that stuff where product managers can
come in and be like, "Hey, I'm thinking
about launching a feature around X. Is
this a problem that anybody has?" And
starts to generate uh lists there. So
that's like a good canonical example,
but this stuff is
there's a whole big bucket of stuff you
could put into like internal automation
here. But often times it's just like
shuttling information from one team to
another team, bridging the like system
of record that team uses to the system
of record that another team uses.
>> You made a couple of posts about
how you've pivoted your new hire process
around like AI fluency. Everybody's
asking me questions about what where
should the bar be? What should we put
like in that this like AI fluency
expectation?
I think you Zapia is uniquely positioned
there given like how technical the team
is as you made the case earlier. Tell us
more about that like when did that
happen? What is that shift? Where are
you in that transition?
So, we have these kind of two-pronged
approach there. We run these hackathons
usually every four to six months just to
keep fresh with it. And that's really
important because AI moves crazy fast.
And so, every time we do that, we see
the internal adoption just go higher and
higher as people start to figure out new
use cases, new ways of using the stuff.
And then alongside the hackathons, we
also just have show and tell as part of
like our all hands. We run a all hands
once a week and first five minutes is
hey one person show us what you built.
And it's a small thing but it promotes
knowledge sharing. It promotes
accountability and I find that's one of
the most effective things at this moment
in time when we're all figuring out how
to use this stuff. I think a million you
said, "Hey, Zapier's probably more so
than most." And I look at our own
adoption and I'm like, "Shoot, like I
think we could be a lot better at this
stuff." And I think just having those
opportunities for people to just get
inspired by each other has been really
effective. So that's been the journey
for us over the last two years of going
from AI is this sort of like in the
corner curiosity to now it's like a key
part of how everyone does their work and
thinks about their work.
>> Cool. And so how are you implementing
that and the new hire process?
>> I I don't have oh here's your one trick
to to nailing this but I think it's
pretty dang it samples. Yeah, I know. I
I but I still think it's way it follows
like hiring best practices which is hey
you should probably do a skills test
like you should probably evaluate people
on these things and so you can ask
questions of them where you can say hey
tell me what types of things you're
experimenting with you can ask those
behavioral questions what have you built
at your last company better yet hey
let's do a screen share real quick show
me how you would solve this problem show
me how you would solve that problem and
just see how far they can go And in
different roles, you're probably going
to want different levels of have
different expectations, different tools,
etc. But I think it's really helpful to
just go like function by function in
your company and say, "Hey, these are
the use cases for sales. These are the
use cases for marketing, these are the
use cases for engineering, these are the
use cases for HR." And just set a
baseline for what your company is. It
doesn't have to be the same as Zap Year.
It doesn't have to be the same as
Sasser, but just set a baseline for like
where you're at today. And when you
bring somebody in, what are you
expecting of them? Do you for that role,
do you want somebody who is
going to be on par with everyone else?
Or to G's point, do you want somebody
who is actually going to help level you
up?
There there isn't a one-sizefits-all
answer to this, but I find that
folks are
some somehow skipping the step, right?
You get the a the CEO memo, we're an AI
first company, right? which you need to
do that step is an important step. But I
talked to a lot of people who that's the
only step they do memo and then it's
just like chaos inside the organization
being like I don't know what it actually
means like I I use chat GPT but does
that make me does that mean I'm fluent
at AI or do I have to do something else
to be fluent at AI? And so it's really
helpful to just go function by function
and start to define some of these things
and you're happy to steal like the
Zapier
framework as like a good starting spot.
And I think it's probably get you 80% of
the way there, but you might need to
amend it to to fit your organizational's
needs.
>> Let's go into our rapid fire questions
before we run out of time. So, first
question, do you have a favorite AI tool
right now that you're using?
>> I tell you the one that was like fastest
adopted by me and that's Granola. That
was just like install. like three for
three on granola. Wait, we keep coming
around like we keep like I believe
>> I know I keep asking different people
and everyone's grind
explains the valuation of voice AI
companies because it's either whisper
flow granola notion
>> we just keep coming back around voice
>> I think one it's a fantastic product
>> but two the category of the product it
the onboarding experience is so easy
>> where I think there are some Some of the
more powerful AI tools,
the things that can have bigger impact,
of which I would put Zapier in those
category, they can have much much bigger
impact, but there's a learning curve to
it. Granola is literally like you
install the thing, you try it, and
you're like, "This is better." And then
you're just off to the races.
>> Is there a category of AI tool or a
specific one that you're looking at
trying next? I I use gosh, I'm going to
stick on voice for a minute because I am
I don't know that this is a higher bar,
but I use voice to text a ton uh on my
desktop now. And
I'm specifically loving this tool,
Monologue, from the every team. I think
they've just done a really good job with
it.
>> I want something like that for iOS. Like
the mobile ver I don't know if Apple's
lockdown. I just haven't found anything
great. Like I' I've built some stuff
myself with Siri shortcuts and
it's good enough.
I feel like there should be a lot better
tooling for iOS on like voice to text,
but like being able to run through an
LLM and clean up my
>> jibberjabber
into an actual structured thought.
>> And then lastly, I know you guys have
Zap Connect coming up. It's your big
virtual event. What can folks expect to
hear and see there?
>> The biggest thing that we'll be sharing
is all these use cases. I think the from
a content perspective, this is the
number one thing we hear when we talk to
folks is I want to get into AI. I want
to do more with AI, but I just want more
use cases. I I find the headlines are so
fixated on the size of the models, how
much funding they've raised, the
personalities. There's some epic
personalities involved in the AI wars.
But when we talk to people, they're just
like, "Where do I get started? Can you
like tell me the use cases?" And so we
have a ton of data that we're going to
share around that and actual customers
coming in to show off their actual
workflows. So that's thing one. Two,
we're going to show off all the new
product stuff. So there's a whole bunch
of product coming out that folks can
check out that should make it easier to
build with AI and then also easier to
put AI into your workflows.
We'll be there. We're excited to see
what you guys have coming out and then
yeah, hopefully G and I will see you at
the next STER in person as well.
>> I love it.
>> Thanks for joining us, Wade.
>> Yeah, thanks.